[takes a small breath in, then exhales]
Ah, yes, sir.
You need to wear a mask, a mask.
Ah, yes, let's go.
You need to wear a mask
to use the bus.
Please go.
Alright, alright, please go down,
put on a mask, and come back.
Hey, stop telling me
to wear a mask or not!
We'll get penalized...
Why, my mask!
It's my choice!
Who are you to tell me what to do, huh, damn it!
No, no.
Just drive properly
like a bus driver.
That's why I'm telling you
to wear a mask and come back.
I swear! Don't do this, no.
Ugh, really. Let go! Hey, what is it?
Put it down, hey!
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh!
Ah, damn it.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
What is it?
What is it, you? I'm sorry.
Uh, you'll have to walk.
I'm sorry.
Damn it! Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey, damn it!
I'm sorry. Hey!
I'm sorry.
Oh oh, I'm sorry.
You shouldn't get hurt, oh oh!
Ah, damn it!
Ah, damn it, I swear!
I'm sorry. Ah, this is annoying, damn it.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, my foot.
Ugh.
Uh, I'm sorry, yes.
Sir, please get in.
I'm really sorry.
Ah, I didn't know
it would drag on like this.
I'm really sorry for saying this to you, mm.
Your sister will definitely try
to figure something out next month.
Uh, look, could you wait
just one more month?
Your sister will definitely pay you back.
Uh, I'll try to do something next month.
Okay, thanks.
Amidst the ongoing economic recession
due to COVID-19,
a building whose construction has been halted
is threatening the safety of citizens.
This building behind me
has had its construction halted twice
due to a confirmed COVID-19 case
among its workers.
Ultimately, as the domestic construction company
went bankrupt,
it has been left as an eyesore
in the city center for four months.
The city of Seoul's swift action
seems necessary.
Just the hotel employees laid off
in the US during the third quarter
exceed 3.5 million.
Any foreign company looking to acquire
this hotel right now
I'm telling you, there won't be any
for at least the next three to four years.
And certainly no domestic companies.
You speak as if it's a fact?
I have several friends who lead
Korea's top 50 companies.
I have several friends.
Since this is a conclusion I reached
after long discussions with my friends,
it's somewhat of a fact.
No.
It's just a fact, really.
Negotiating with me is the right thing to do,
Vice President.
Director Hong.
Our bank lent 400 billion won to this building.
Offering to repay only 300 billion won
isn't negotiating.
In this situation, shouldn't some loss
be accepted?
Otherwise, how can you do business?
I'm not a businessman,
I'm a banker.
Ah, Director, uh...
Ah, Vice President, uh...
The reason I painstakingly
brought you two here is...
Yes, yes. For the safety of Seoul citizens,
the Mayor's earnest wish is
for the building
to be completed quickly.
Ah, what can we do if it doesn't make sense!
Are you saying what I'm saying
doesn't make sense, Vice President?
What do you think makes sense?
I apologize, I'm a bit late.
This is CEO Kim Myung-gil,
whom I mentioned before dinner.
Please introduce yourselves.
Assemblyman Seo Woo-hyun,
who is close with the Mayor,
is the one who introduced him.
Kim Myung-gil.
I will contact you separately later.
Yes.
Kim Myung-gil.
Excuse me, but what do you do
for a living?
I do a lot of investment work,
and if good people call on me,
I go and
help them as much as I can.
Wait, are you a loan shark?
No, did you call a usurer?
The CEO does various things.
This isn't a place for a usurer,
is it?
You are Chairman Hong Woo-geun's
eldest son, aren't you?
When I was young, I served a man
named Chairman Bang in Myeong-dong.
You were a baby then,
so you wouldn't remember, but
when the IMF crisis hit our country,
Ail Group, with 50 years of history,
almost went bankrupt
because it lacked a mere 6 billion won.
At that time, Chairman Hong Woo-geun
came to our Chairman and asked for help.
He knelt, saying he had to save the company,
no matter what,
he knelt down.
And our Chairman was moved
by his passion and sincerity.
I went to his house with a bag full
of 6 billion won in cash.
I remember his mother thanked me
and peeled a cool Korean melon for me.
There is no bad money in the world.
It can be used for bad purposes.
If it's used for good, it's good money.
I came with the intention of being helpful.
Now, where were we in the conversation?
There was a difference in the amount
you two had in mind,
so we were discussing it.
Ah, how big is the difference?
100 billion won.
Well...
Will the Director personally
manage the hotel?
I completed my Master's in Hotel Management
in Switzerland
and worked in Hong Kong for 4 years.
Ah, you've prepared a lot.
Would it be alright if I invested a bit?
How much?
Well,
since you're short 100 billion,
it has to be 100 billion.
If needed, I'll invest more.
And the conditions?
Just three.
First, on the top floor of the hotel,
please build a small casino.
Just as managing a hotel is your dream, Director,
opening a casino is my dream.
Ah, second, please help me open
a small bar in the hotel's basement.
Please help me open one.
Ah, and finally,
if something like COVID-19
spreads again in the future,
please make sure our hotel
is opened as a free quarantine space
for those who don't have money.
I hope we can care for each other
more during difficult times.
Only then
can we have a better world.
I am ready to invest
100 billion won as early as tomorrow.
Did I do well?
Yeah.
Will they take the bait?
Awesome!
Oh, yeah!
Then all I have to worry about now
is the shop's interior design.
Sis, people don't go to bars
for the interior design.
They go to see pretty girls.
Diligently scout some pretty girls.
You do it diligently, you bastard.
Someone as pretty as my sister,
how great would it be
if she spoke as prettily?
What do you know, you idiot bastard!
Let me wipe your face.
Ah!
Here.
Let's go.
What about Seong-eun Building?
Among the tenants' families,
there was no one connected
to the police or prosecution.
You even checked the in-laws, right?
Ah, CEO, I really only missed one time then.
Their lover could be a cop.
You better do things right
so your brother doesn't worry.
Oh, sis, you better do things right yourself.
Jang-do?
You should speak more politely
to your sister-in-law, shouldn't you?
Yes, I'm sorry! CEO.
Apologize to me, you idiot bastard!
This idiot apologizes, sister.
Ah, let's go quickly, I'm craving a drink.
Yes!
Yes, we are with you for the 2020 KBFC
National Rookie Tournament.
Yes, originally, the Rookie Tournament
should be filled with the cheers and love
of many spectators,
and held with their support,
but due to the COVID-19 situation,
it's being held without an audience,
so the atmosphere feels a bit lonely.
That's right. The Rookie Tournament is a match
that receives the support of many people,
It's a match that receives a lot of cheers,
but it's so quiet right now.
As I speak,
Hong Woo-jin's Round 3 match has begun.
Alright, this is a middleweight match.
Hong Woo-jin in the red trunks
vs. Jung Jae-hoon in the blue trunks.
Go deeper.
Ah, good body shots on both sides.
That's right. Hong Woo-jin leaning on the ropes.
Ah, he hits both sides of the body
and, ah, provokes him.
Ah, indeed. He's still showing composure.
'Hit me if you can,' yes.
'You are enough...'
Ah, body shot!
That's it!
A clean body attack landed.
Alright, to the face, it landed!
He knocks him down! Hong Woo-jin, that's it!
One-two straight from a right double.
His footwork is also very...
His showmanship is amazing.
Ah, it's a KO.
Yes, the next match is Kim Gun-woo vs.
Kim Rae-hyun.
Super rookie Kim Gun-woo in the blue trunks.
That's right. Kim Gun-woo, while covering...
Body shot!
Body! He kneels!
That's right. It landed precisely
on the solar plexus...
Ah, the match is over. That's right.
That one punch ended the match.
Kim Gun-woo continues to finish
opponents with one blow.
He is a perfect fighter.
That's right. A terrifying rookie has appeared.
As soon as he entered,
he's being pushed back.
He's being pushed back.
Alright, he grabs him and, ah, throws him.
He just throws his opponent.
That's a foul, isn't it? Is it a warning?
That's right. Ah, first, to me...
He's too excited right now. Yes.
Box! Let's go!
Alright, the parting, ah, indeed,
when it comes to showmanship, it's Hong Woo-jin.
It's Hong Woo-jin. He provokes his opponent.
That's it! He dodges.
Oh, he dodges well.
Again, he goes for the face! Knockdown!
It's Hong Woo-jin's specialty. Yes.
Straight from a double jab!
Three! Ah, the Marines.
Hong Woo-jin surges forward once again.
Yes, the match between Kim Gun-woo
and Lee Yong-gyu.
Ah, Kim Gun-woo in the red trunks,
a solid physique.
That's right. He dodges well.
Kim Gun-woo is also an infighter.
Kim Gun-woo possesses a powerful infighting style.
Another punch! Ah, he's dodging.
Body shot, good!
He grabs it the same way. One, two.
That's right. It's a left punch.
Three, four.
When I was a player,
I had that kind of skill.
Are you okay? Yes, he hit very well.
That's why he won a gold medal.
That's right. Yes.
Alright, Kim Gun-woo and Hong Woo-jin. Yes.
Alright, let's see who will take home the trophy.
Don't try to throw big punches,
short, short, with your waist, snap!
Watch out for the left hook.
His punches are no joke.
Hyung, I'm a Marine.
I said watch out for the left hook.
I'm an invincible Marine, invincible!
If you get hit and cry, I'll kill you.
Fighting! Fighting!
Alright, fight well. Go to your corners.
He has come up very impressively so far.
And the terrifying super rookie
Kim Gun-woo
has a quite different style. That's right.
Attacking an infighter... Let's go!
Kim Gun-woo possesses an infighting style.
Yes. In contrast,
uh, Hong Woo-jin, while outboxing, also
is a fighter who lands good counters.
That's right.
Hong Woo-jin, who plays with the match playfully, and...
He's very solid,
following the textbook exactly...
Alright, he's going in, he's pushing,
he's pushing, he's pushing!
Can Hong Woo-jin escape?
Can he escape?
Ah, he escaped well.
That's right, and Hong Woo-jin
is also very fast.
That's right.
Uh, Kim Gun-woo is also a middleweight, so...
Alright, miss! Hey, he swings wide.
That's right, he guarded, and a body shot.
Kim Gun-woo has very good covering...
Yes, just like...
Ah, continuously after guarding...
Uppercut!
That's right, he got caught once.
Ah, that's right.
He's showing a terrifying display.
Right! Ah, he dodged well.
This time, Hong Woo-jin is fighting well.
Ah, Hong Woo-jin, Hong Woo-jin,
Hong Woo-jin keeps applying pressure.
Another left body shot!
Ah, left. Ah, is he recovering?
Hong Woo-jin collapses. Ah, he falls down.
It's a knockdown! One, two.
Yes, really, the stomach... three, four...
The impact doesn't come immediately,
it takes about 5 seconds
to feel it then, right?
Woo-jin-ah!
Six, seven, eight. He got up in 5 seconds.
That's right, he endured well...
Ah, he endured well, yes.
Ah, but the impact will be severe.
Ah, there are after-effects.
That's right. Yes.
Come on in.
Come on in!
Hey, come on in.
You bastard.
Come on in, uh!
Alright, will he take the bait?
Kim Gun-woo, wow!
He's having a lot of trouble,
alright, he goes in!
Did it land?
Stop! One, two.
The impact was continuous... three, four...
That's where it was.
Ah, he fell victim to his own provocation.
KO. That's right.
Alright, Kim Gun-woo goes straight in
and with the same body shot once again,
hey, Woo-jin-ah! Hey, hey.
He finished the match.
Are you okay?
I've tarnished the honor of the Marines.
Everyone collapses when hit in the liver.
I'm leaving.
Food?
It's COVID.
No, the kid struggled,
shouldn't we at least feed him?
Go home and order food.
Bye.
What? Why? What?
Want to eat?
Why would I eat with you?
I'm going to eat samgyeopsal,
so I thought maybe we could eat together.
Are you pitying me?
No.
Go ask those other bastards
you KO'd to eat.
They all went home.
Ah, damn.
Isn't the prize money 10 million won?
Yeah.
Then why eat samgyeopsal?
Let's eat premium sirloin.
I'm only going to spend 50,000 won.
Why?
I have to give the rest to my mom.
Do you owe your mom money? No.
Then why?
I have to pay my mom's shop rent.
Such a filial son.
Just spend 10,000 won more.
The meat buffet I know is
29,000 won per person.
The quality is awesome, they even
have Hanwoo (Korean beef).
Really? Where?
Just kidding, you idiot.
How can they serve Hanwoo
for 29,000 won?
Have you, like, only
exercised your whole life?
Anyway, that buffet is good.
Just spend 10,000 won more.
Mmm.
Hey!
Let's go.
Why is your left hook so strong?
When I worked part-time at a junkyard,
I practiced hitting tires with hooks.
Only left?
Why only left?
No, I'm asking if you only hit with your left.
Oh, of course, I hit with both.
But why is your left hand so strong?
My right hand is stronger.
Then why did you only use your left hand?
There was no timing to use my right hand.
You're annoying.
Why me?
You're saying you could handle
everyone with just your left hand.
Today, yes.
See, you're annoying.
No, I'm lucky.
Just flip the meat.
No, it needs 30 more seconds.
You can flip it now. No.
Ah, this bastard, so stubborn, this.
Ugh, damn, you've done so many part-time jobs?
Are you poor? Yeah, my family went broke.
Why?
My father was a researcher at a large corporation,
but he sued for wrongful dismissal
and lost after 4 years.
All the legal fees from then became debt,
you can't beat big corporations.
Those with money always win.
Right?
What other part-time jobs did you do?
Ah, I've done a lot of this and that, but
my mom and I did delivery jobs the most.
He must have come
from a part-time job training camp.
There's nothing you can't do,
you've lived well.
He's grilling the meat
with his right hand, actually.
When did you start boxing?
Ah, me, about 3 years ago?
When was that?
After I got back from the military.
Ah...
I've been wearing gloves
since 6th grade of elementary school.
My father was a national representative.
Wow, amazing.
By any chance, your father's name?
Hong Seong-geun,
Barcelona bronze medalist.
Ah... Do you know him? No.
No.
Most boxers know him.
Ah, sorry.
Ah, so you learned boxing
from your father?
I'm not close with my father.
Why?
My father is never satisfied
with anything I do.
Well, he won a bronze medal at my age, so.
Everyone judges me by their own standards.
Mm.
Ah, then,
your father, uh, won a bronze medal
at 25, right?
No, 27.
How old are you?
27.
Uh, I'm sorry, Hyung.
I'm 25. I'm really sorry.
Ah, this bastard, damn it.
Ah, I'm sorry.
Hey. Yes?
From now on, you better straighten up,
understand?
Yes. Understand?
Yes.
Flip it!
No, it needs one more minute.
Pil-Seung! I'm 1216th batch!
What are you doing? Sit, Hyung, sit.
I will sit if you accept my salute.
Ah, uh, mm.
Ah, Marine Kim Gun-woo, sir.
Huh? Where did you serve?
1st Division.
Uh, me too! Which battalion were you in?
Reconnaissance. Amazing!
Ah, I wanted to join Reconnaissance too,
but I failed.
Yeah. The flower of the Marines, Reconnaissance!
Reconnaissance! Bam!
I'll just call you Hyung,
so let's be comfortable, okay?
Yes, understood.
Let's be comfortable.
I will be comfortable!
Hyung.
Hmm?
Here.
Hey, Hyung is damn proud of the Marines.
Why?
I used to be a bit of a delinquent in Incheon.
But I joined the Marines and
met really good people, and now,
I straightened up.
I loved training hard together,
struggling, overcoming it,
that kind of thing was so good.
Looks delicious.
Like waking up in the morning,
going for a run, sweating,
like showering together and like, *sigh*...
Hyung. Washing each other, like, huh?
You're not misunderstood, are you?
No, I'm not.
Try this.
How is it? How is it?
It's steak, steak.
Really?
Hey, I'll show you one too.
Three pieces, huh? Ah, yeah.
Ssamjang too, huh? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shall we try kimchi too, huh?
Ah ah ah.
Marine Kim Gun-woo, sir. Yes?
Ack! Ah!
Awesome, right? Awesome, right? Yeah, yeah.
Shall we have some soju? N-no.
Why? Because of your body? Yeah.
Ah, this perfectionist bastard, so annoying.
Auntie! Here!
One Tesla!
Uh, Hyung, how much are these shoes?
1.2 million won. Really?
Why so expensive? That's my family's shop rent.
Hey, why are you so easily fooled?
Of course, it's fake.
It looks real though.
This, fake ones have a smooth toe.
The real ones are suede,
and the hole finishes are a bit rough.
If you want to buy them, tell me.
I'll find you something better than the authentic ones.
Really? Really?
What do you mean 'really' again? Really.
Hey, in this world, huh?
There's nothing better than authentic.
You, let's learn about the world
while hanging out with Hyung.
You seem to have only
worked part-time jobs.
Hyung, do you know this?
There are so many things like this these days.
'Korea Antique Art Market'
I found Yang Jae-myung,
and he bitched about not having money, so
I took this.
This is over 20 million won, though?
So?
The money Yang Jae-myung borrowed was 10 million won.
You earned interest.
Wait, are you hurt?
Ah, damn it, while fighting with Yang Jae-myung...
Ah, but speaking of which,
let's talk a bit.
Eat the tteok, eat the tteok.
I said let's talk, why suddenly tteok?
How long are you going to do this?
What?
Lending money without interest.
Ah, there's no profit for you.
Why is there no profit?
I consistently give you 30% as commission.
Ah, not me, but you, Grandpa.
You know Mi-yeon's mother, right?
So?
She came earlier and paid back
the entire principal in cash.
Is that the interest?
Hyun-ju-ya.
A sick child received surgery on time
and got healthy.
Because I lent them money,
the child's parents didn't have to borrow money
with their house as collateral.
So the child has a home
to return to after being discharged.
We saved a family.
This is the most valuable interest in the world.
Oh dear, anyway,
I heard this while looking for Yang Jae-myung:
Yang Jae-myung and his gang
are going around cosplaying
as homeless people,
stealing real homeless people's IDs,
and taking out loans.
What kind of guys were they?
They were guys who were in prison
with Yang Jae-myung,
they're said to be pretty bad.
No, you knew that and still went alone?
Shall I go with Grandpa next time?
Ah, anyway.
I'll dig a little deeper.
I think there might be something interesting.
Uh, don't touch anything dangerous.
Yes.
"CEO Moon Gwang-mu"
Uh, is it a good time to talk?
Yes, please say anything, CEO.
Uh, I need to ask a favor. Find someone.
Yes, just a moment.
Please speak.
'A good person'
'Good at security'
'And good if they know daily loans'
Uh, yes, CEO, uh...
I will quickly select some good candidates.
Alright, I'll count on you.
Yes, loyalty.
Pil-Seung!
Mayweather is definitely the best, the best.
But Mayweather seems more like a businessman
than a fighter.
Right, that guy is just trying to make money.
But he's a genius at it.
Ah, he must have really earned
hundreds of billions.
Is money important to you, Hyung?
What's more important than money?
A boxer's heart.
Why?
Ah, why?
Ah, why? No, no.
Ah, hey.
Ah, you suddenly
got so serious, I think I was a bit flustered.
Ah, explain more. A boxer's heart.
Hmm...
I think Manny Pacquiao is the best, Hyung.
Pow! Pow!
Pow! Pow! Pacquiao, Pow! Pow!
Ah, Hyung, just be still for a moment.
I don't interrupt when you talk.
I'm sorry, Marine, sir.
I will absolutely not interrupt.
I think Pacquiao's heart is so cool.
He doesn't know how to give up.
I acknowledge Pacquiao, Hyung.
Still, Mayweather earned much more money.
But watching Pacquiao,
there are probably far more kids
who started dreaming of being a boxer, right?
I was like that too.
Hyung, I want to be that kind of person.
Someone who shows that if you have
strong will and unyielding passion,
dreams can come true.
It's really windy.
That's a true boxer's heart, and
No, watching a boxing match,
that's the feeling people should get,
I'm telling you.
A boxer's he... Hey, it's all cooked.
Let's eat.
Hey.
Is it good? Yeah, it's good.
Hyung, how do you make money?
Originally,
at an acquaintance's sister's kindergarten,
I taught the little kids how to exercise.
I was a gym teacher, you could say.
Ah, it doesn't suit you.
What are you talking about?
Kids f***ing love me.
Anyway, I did that in the morning
and worked out in the afternoon, but
now, well, the kindergarten itself
is closed, so it's a bit awkward.
Hyung, do you want to try delivery work with me?
Delivery work is no joke these days.
Does it pay? Of course.
If you and I put our minds to it, probably
we could each earn 200,000 won a day,
you know?
Really?
Yeah, doing delivery is good cardio.
Plus, you use muscles you don't use in boxing,
so
your balance gets really good too.
Ah, damn, two birds with one stone swag.
No, it's three birds with one stone. Why?
You earn money, get cardio,
improve your balance.
Hey, cardio and balance are one.
No, they're different.
Ugh, damn, tsk.
Hey, whatever, you won the rookie tournament
this time,
weren't you supposed to go to the Super Series
as Korea's representative?
Yeah.
But, uh, it's been indefinitely
postponed due to COVID.
When will that be?
Can't be helped, I guess.
Still, I'll always be ready
to fight anytime.
You,
you have a boxer's heart.
Hyung?
Come on in, Pacquiao.
Now?
Come on in!
Uh, ah...
Ah, who actually hits for real?
Ah, Hyung, Pil-Seung, I'm sorry.
Hey, come here, let go.
Wait, come here!
Come here! Hey, Kim Gun-woo!
Alright, let's have a drink!
Let's go! Drink! Yeah! Yeah!
Alright, tonight's main event!
The greatest show on earth!
Watermelon smashing with In-beom!
Alright, place your bets, come on!
100 on "can't break it"!
I'll bet 300 on "will break it"!
If I win this today, I'm treating all of you!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Beom-ah.
I know you'll break it, but I'll bet
400 on "can't break it."
Kang In-beom! Kang In-beom!
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go! Kang In-beom! Kang In-beom!
He broke it!
Go buy tteokbokki!
Let's eat tteokbokki!
Awesome!
Oppa, I did well, didn't I?
Yeah, you did well.
Shhh, quiet, quiet!
Yes, Mayor.
Yes.
Yes, understood.
I will relay that.
Have a good night.
Our Mayor is willing to promote
the casino attraction.
He said he'd push for it.
For your birthday today, Director,
I've prepared a small gift.
Please open it.
It's 1,000 don.
Director?
These turtles are very clean,
no one will know even if you eat them.
I hope our relationship
lasts a long, long time,
so I prepared this for that,
I'd appreciate it if you would accept it.
You're not just going to stay
at City Hall, are you?
I know you have big dreams.
In the future, you'll go to the Blue House,
and if you want to go to the National Assembly,
you'll need money.
Let's go all the way together.
I will definitely support you.
My money has never failed, not once.
Hmm.
Hey! Ugh, ugh.
Hey, where are you going?
Ugh, please ride carefully.
I'll take you home.
Let's go, uh.
When will you clear out
Assemblyman Seo's building?
There's a slight difference
for each shop, but
by this Friday, everyone's interest
will have accumulated to over 20 million.
Mm.
The smaller places,
if we hit them hard, they'll probably leave.
Every day when they go to work,
if they see a completely destroyed shop
on the first floor right before their eyes,
people will give up faster, you know?
I will do that, CEO.
Uh, Team Leader Jung isn't feeling well
and can't move for a while, so
call and tell them to send a dozen
good-looking guys, and
Beom will handle it.
Should we bring equipment?
No need.
Tell them to wear suits and masks,
CEO, I think five people would be enough.
The CEO must have a plan.
Ah, indeed.
I really made a big mistake.
Look, these bastards are at it again.
Hey, hey. So?
Where should we hit first?
Huh?
Huh? Ah, hello.
Why didn't you keep your promise?
Yes?
Instead of lowering the interest rate,
you agreed to pay an extension fee,
didn't you?
Yes?
As a loan extension fee,
you stamped to pay 10% of the principal
within 24 hours.
It's written in the contract.
Because you didn't do that simple thing, now
the interest on the extension fee
has accumulated to 40 million.
Your credit rating dropped,
and the interest rate also went up to 20%!
We
really started this with good intentions, but...
You ruined everything, sir! Damn it!
What are you going to do now?
Do you have money to cover the fees?
I'm going to call the police.
Police?
Yes.
Oh, my goodness...
Uh, Mom? Uh, where are you?
I'm almost there.
Uh, Mom, I'm at the shop here,
uh, strange people came and...
Strange people? Who?
Right now, here...
Mom? Mom, Mom!
Alright, smash it all!
Who are you, you bastard!
What is it, you bastard? I swear,
damn it, leave, you bastard, damn it!
Hey! Get out, you bastard!
Ah, this bastard, hey! Hey, you...
What is that? Hey, catch him!
This bastard! Damn!
What is it? What kind of bastard is this?
Hey! You bastard!
Block him, that son of a bitch.
That bastard!
Hey, damn it! F***!
Hey, come here! Hey! Damn!
Hey, you bastard!
You bastard!
Hey, you f***er!
Uh, Mom, are you okay?
Uh huh.
Are you hurt?
I'm okay, I'm okay.
Who are you?
Who are you to... our shop...
What are you?
Student, calm down.
Uh, your mother borrowed money
from our company.
Mm.
What do you want?
Pay back the money.
First, pay for our shop.
Beom-ah.
Mom, it's okay.
Just go over there for a moment.
Gun-woo-ya.
Gun-woo-ya! No!
Beom-ah.
I,
I like people with grit.
Ah, damn it. Guys with grit
they accomplish anything.
Do you want to work for me?
I...
[Gun-woo gasps for air and coughs repeatedly]